Class:it means group of Objects or blueprint of objects.

Object:it has Properties and behaviour
Ex:Ram   Properties:Color,Height,eat,sleep etc..
         Behaviour:Walk,talk,Run etc..


Method:The Behaviour of object or action of object.

package com.qa.JavaBasicConcepts;

public class TypeCastingExample {
    public static void main(String[] args) {

        double d=300.09;
        long l= (long) d;
        int i= (int) l;
        short b= (short) i;

        System.out.println("Double value: "+d);
        System.out.println("Long value: "+l);
        System.out.println("Int value: "+i);
        System.out.println("Short value: "+b);

    }
}


Stack:
Very fast access.
Stored in RAM.
Function calls are loaded here along with the local variables and function parameters passed.
Space is freed automatically when program goes out of a scope.
Stored in sequential memory.

Heap:
Slow access comparatively to Stack.
Stored in RAM.
Dynamically created variables are stored here, which later requires freeing the allocated memory after use.
Stored wherever memory allocation is done, accessed by pointer always.


What is difference between Heap and Stack Memory?
Major difference between Heap and Stack memory are as follows:

Heap memory is used by all the parts of the application whereas stack memory is used only by one thread of execution.
Whenever an object is created, it’s always stored in the Heap space and stack memory contains the reference to it. Stack memory
only contains local primitive variables and reference variables to objects in heap space.
Memory management in the stack is done in a LIFO manner whereas it’s more complex in Heap memory because it’s used globally.


But the major difference between both of them is their usage.

== compares object references, .equals() compares the string values.
 It means The == operator checks to see if the two strings are exactly the same object and
 the .equals() method will check if the two strings have the same value.

What if the main() method is declared as private? What happens when the static modifier is removed from the signature of the main() method?
     When the main() method is declared as private, the program compiles but during runtime it shows “main() method not
 public.” Message. When the static modifier is removed from the signature of the main() method,
 the Program compiles but at runtime throws an error “NoSuchMethodError”.

